celegans/README.md, before:

---
title: Assemble C. elegans
author: Shaun Jackman
---

Data
================================================================================

Paired-end
------------------------------------------------------------

### DDBJ
+ [ERX267827](http://trace.ddbj.nig.ac.jp/DRASearch/experiment?acc=ERX267827)
+ [ERR294494](http://trace.ddbj.nig.ac.jp/DRASearch/run?acc=ERR294494)

### DNAnexus
+ [ERS204933](http://sra.dnanexus.com/samples/ERS204933)
+ [ERX267827](http://sra.dnanexus.com/experiments/ERX267827)

Nominal Length: 469
Nominal Sdev: 43
2x100 bp reads

`/genesis/extscratch/btl/benv/konnector/paper/c_elegans/data/raw_reads/`

Mate-pair
------------------------------------------------------------

+ From the paper [REAPR](http://dx.doi.org/10.1186/gb-2013-14-5-r47)
+ [ERX046316](https://trace.ddbj.nig.ac.jp/DRASearch/experiment?acc=ERX046316)
+ Nominal Length: 2543
+ Nominal Sdev: 818
+ Construction Protocol: Long range

Moleculo
------------------------------------------------------------

[HiSeq 2500: TruSeq Synthetic Long-Read DNA Prep: Long-Read Assembly - C. elegans](https://basespace.illumina.com/projects/11270265/)

n       |n:500  |L50    |min    |N80    |N50    |N20    |E-size |max    |sum     |name
------  |------ |------ |------ |------ |------ |------ |------ |------ |------  |------
190545  |190545 |56956  |1500   |4867   |9125   |10509  |8030   |21933  |1.182e9 |c-elegans_LongRead.fastq.gz
73952   |73948  |27260  |500    |686    |970    |1283   |983    |1499   |66.15e6 |c-elegans_LongRead_500_1499nt.fastq.gz

Commit message:

celegans: Add mate-pair data ERX046316, DRX007634

celegans/README.md, after:

---
title: Assemble C. elegans
author: Shaun Jackman
---

Data
================================================================================

Paired-end
------------------------------------------------------------

### DDBJ
+ [ERX267827](http://trace.ddbj.nig.ac.jp/DRASearch/experiment?acc=ERX267827)
+ [ERR294494](http://trace.ddbj.nig.ac.jp/DRASearch/run?acc=ERR294494)

### DNAnexus
+ [ERS204933](http://sra.dnanexus.com/samples/ERS204933)
+ [ERX267827](http://sra.dnanexus.com/experiments/ERX267827)

Nominal Length: 469
Nominal Sdev: 43
2x100 bp reads

`/genesis/extscratch/btl/benv/konnector/paper/c_elegans/data/raw_reads/`

Mate-pair
------------------------------------------------------------

+ From the paper [REAPR](http://dx.doi.org/10.1186/gb-2013-14-5-r47)
+ [ERX046316](https://trace.ddbj.nig.ac.jp/DRASearch/experiment?acc=ERX046316)
+ Design Description: Illumina sequencing of library 3882187, constructed from sample accession ERS067640 for study accession ERP000964. This is part of an Illumina multiplexed sequencing run (6976_8). This submission includes reads tagged with the sequence GATCAGCG.
+ Nominal Length: 2543
+ Nominal Sdev: 818
+ Construction Protocol: Long range

+ [DRX007634](https://trace.ddbj.nig.ac.jp/DRASearch/experiment?acc=DRX007634)
+ Title: Whole genome sequencing of the N2 strain of C. elegans by 5kb mate-pair library.
+ Nominal Length: 4550
+ Nominal Sdev: 421.0
+ Also available PET 223 +/- 25.0 and PET 424 +/- 49.0

Moleculo
------------------------------------------------------------

[HiSeq 2500: TruSeq Synthetic Long-Read DNA Prep: Long-Read Assembly - C. elegans](https://basespace.illumina.com/projects/11270265/)

n       |n:500  |L50    |min    |N80    |N50    |N20    |E-size |max    |sum     |name
------  |------ |------ |------ |------ |------ |------ |------ |------ |------  |------
190545  |190545 |56956  |1500   |4867   |9125   |10509  |8030   |21933  |1.182e9 |c-elegans_LongRead.fastq.gz
73952   |73948  |27260  |500    |686    |970    |1283   |983    |1499   |66.15e6 |c-elegans_LongRead_500_1499nt.fastq.gz
